Peppa and George
arrived at grandpa pig's house.
Grandpa pig.
What's this? A cuckoo clock?
Yes, it goes "cuckoo, cuckoo",
but it's broken.
Can you mend it please, grandpa pig?
En. let's take it to my shed.
This is grandpa pig's shed,
where grandpa mends things.
I'll take a look inside.
Grandpa, now you've really broken it.
Oh, I wonder if I got a book on clocks.
Ah, here we are-how clocks work.
Grandpa pig has mended the cuckoo clock.
Hooray.
Cuckoo, cuckoo.
Mummy pig has come
to pick up Peppa and George.
Mummy, grandpa's
mended the cuckoo clock.
That's nice.What's that?
It's my old computer.
I can't mend that.
It's not broken.
I've got a new computer.
I thought you might like my old one.
Elm, I am not sure I really need one.
Oh, a computer. What does it do?
You can do letters with it.
Look, granny.A, b, c, d.
And numbers.1, 2, 3.
I am afraid you might
break it by pressing the wrong button.
Don't worry, you can't break it.
Just don't feed it milk or biscuits or jelly.
The best thing
it does is "Happy Mrs. Chicken".
When you
press this button, she lays an egg.
I am very
good at it, but George is the best.
That's fun.
Perhaps we should
keep the computer, granny pig?
Goodbye.Bye bye.
Shall we do some
work on the computer, granny pig?
Yes, let's do some numbers and letters.
Peppa and her family are having lunch.
I've given my
old computer to granny and grandpa.
That's nice.
I wonder how they're getting on with it.
Hello, Peppa pig speaking.
Ah, Peppa, I need to ask
a question about the computer.
It's grandpa. He's broken the computer.
What's the problem
with the computer, grandpa pig?
It's full of eggs.Eggs?
Happy Mrs.
Chicken won't lay any more eggs.
I am broken.
Turn the computer off.
Now turn it back on again.
Did that fix it?
I am very broken.
That doesn't sound good.
Maybe it can't be mended.
We'll come around and pick it up.
Granny, we're here
to take the computer back.
Oh, grandpa pig has taken it to his shed.
There. That should do it.
I am mended.Hooray.
My grandpa is the best at mending things.
Was it very hard to mend?
Not at all. I found I had this book
How computers work.
So you don't want us
to take the computer away now.
No. I need it for important work.
For letter and number work?
No, to beat granny
pig's Happy Mrs. Chicken's score.
I laid 4020 eggs.Wow.
So I've got some work to do.
Catching up.